---
layout: posts
title: About Me
---
I, Stéphanie from the Island of Tahiti, French Polynesia 🇵🇫 🇫🇷.
My very origins are quite distinct and unique to which my father is of Asian descent and my mother of English, Danish, Scandinavian and Tahitian origins of course.

I've graduated with two bachelors from the University of San Diego.
My significant emphasis were in Economics, and eventually I've demonstrated such greatness, aspiration to the Wealth Management | FDIC & SEC laws of regulations discipline of knowledge.
Being exposed since my youngest age, as being born and raised with such highest work ethics, to where knowledge was always defined as a innate traits as opposed to a person's attribute taught through learning processes and empirical evidence experiences.

This very statement explains why I've acquired this double major in Economics and Business Mathematics | International Business.

I've, as well, attended the University of California, San Diego for most of my Mathematics courses [Calculus I, II, III]


Omnivorous Reader
My Genuine | Profound Charisma, as describing yet defining my genius at Intuition where Intuition is the ability to acquire knowledge without proof, evidence, or conscious reasoning, or without understanding how the knowledge was acquired.

Wired to be of such constructive Artist [in respect to this Creative mind  I've always thrive to perfection Drawing|Painting and my utmost passion for Tahitian & Salsa Professional Dance.
Check my Instagram link for my bio on such significant innate talent of mine acquired from the age of 5 years old as of until now 21 years of such driven dedication of mine- to where I found purpose in life by exposing my very creative soul. [Prior to move in to the United-States, I was admitted to the second best Art | Design | Advertising School in Paris, France 🇫🇷 ranked second after "Les Beaux Arts". However, I've pursued the Financial | Investment | Wealth management | Venture Capitalist world which was of my father's dream.

I, demonstrate such significant passion as exposed to the Real Estate & Law domains to which my very and dearest father, mentor, with such significant intelligence, enthusiasm and discretion traits. I've always and will incessantly support what he's achieved and thrive as to acquire, learn, and continuously expand of such purpose and meaning in life: one of my favorite lesson and still is of our very fabric and foundation of our worldwide economy defined
=======
I, Stéphanie Athena Acosta, from the Island of Tahiti, French Polynesia 🇵🇫 🇫🇷.|
I shall perhaps, define why I have always pursued the lives of ordinary people whom have profoundly empowered this universe at the least, with their impactful yet brilliant minds. I must approach such thesis of mine, by demonstrating the hidden truth(s), yet admitted, as publicly exposed throughout the Art of Rhetoric. Prior to unfold such heuristic technique, I shall embark you, my Chère Audience, to my thorough biography.
I shall commence with a bit of fine sarcasm. Describing such innate traits of mine as being of a Genius at Charisma, and a Genius at Intuition..."Just reflect upon the idea of Sherlock Holmes., if you are this ordinary humankind that is of tremendous passion for Fanaticism, then you'll definitely get of an absolute-immediate idea of the very "bipolar" character | persona that I am. Seriously, acknowledging such utmost Respect|Admiration to the "one percent" of people possessing such highest intelligence and creative thinking. As I must demonstrate such skepticism due to the "society which has long associated higher intelligence and creative thinking with mental illnesses ranging from the slight to the severe."-Matthew Mientka
On the one hand, describing myself of genuine nature. If you may potentially would like to inquire of my"most complex as regarding my State of Mind and its relation to the above given story-telling [the precise stated "one percent" of the humankind, their significant innate nature, yet combined empirical concepts that is the very fabrics and has always been the foundation of knowledge] > I, must unfold this very meticulous yet most enigmatic thoughts, ideas, behaviors. Exposed here, is simply the Unfathomable Infinite pyramid|hiérachie of our minds, our souls...[my supposed meaning as my life' purpose that I've forever dedicated and have never revealed as of today. Such devotion, entirely founded of figure of speech to whenever I am to state a word thus along any stated sentences, nuances of purposefully|determined interpretation(s) are being unfolded just within "a word"- Yet, you, my dearest audience shall and must acquire the very essence of I and the stated minds [perhaps you may have potentially acquire my intelligibly sense of humor finally ;) ].
In addition to this stories, not that I purposefully cite one concept and embark on another with no logical reasoning. This is not my pretended pursuit. I, simply shall and must demonstrate what comes to our minds and why as how we think, act, behave emotionally and apathetically somehow in terms of certain particular matters.
I shall as well describe and admit my regards as concerns towards social inequality which relates to what Matthew Mientka stated which is of such significance at the least to us and you, dearest audience that have acquired my intelligible sense of humor. Yet the impossibility to eradicate such existing, persistent truth as of the very realities kept historically yet engrained nowadays. Pursuing such genuine, profound leading concepts|ideas, I've always persevered and infinitely empower all individuals with this thriving hope that I innately acquired yet must be of my rights and duties to finally share.
A hope defined to be of such greatest asset as to always empower others with such attributed quality of mine unfolded within the knowledge [either from such innate level yet acquired through absorption of being exposed to empirical academic yet the workforce|labor entity we all logically join, Unfortunately and yet that has become and shaped the uniformity traits of such society in its entirety... having in common such traits to me is of deficiency. As in terms of such system of ours, that is, above and beyond founded in such way to manipulate as fully control the very blinded individuals.[one very significant concept that I shall disagree with due to the eventful proven fact(s) that why "WE" must all follow and be of such same person, I definitely won't and will keep on fighting to thrive|strive since day one to always have and always will be unique as ordinary > thanks to those very "rarest" brilliant minds that have had the most significant courage, bravery to publicly share and expose all of us to this hidden truth].
In order for one's to know me for real| in the pursuit of the very significant most finest details of one's mind, " drawn to the many subjects of Wealth Management, Behavioral Sciences: with such profound devotion to the Economics|International Business, Trading and Negotiation, FDIC and SEC Laws of Regulations, and eventually the very precise behavioral entity of high-finance combined with Neuroscience|Cognitive Science| Psychology. My idea expressed here is simply yet of the highest sophistication in terms of my rhetorical general idea: my thesis is to unfold on how to unable predicting analysis based on the very powerful Data Science that has become of our highest priority!
With such insightful yet remarkable truths that I've diligently and "reinforceably" as of prior to continue my very precise stories, I shall demonstrate with the utmost|sincere respect, that I've always exposed with kindest [I must be grateful, as I were born and raised on such highest work ethics as much as on cultural yet global perspective that were of agreement and disagreement to always keep in mind that the universe we live in have been established and the very distinct point of views were of such incredible gap, yet my father and mother ahev always taught I to never ever be of such arrogant persona as to avoid criticism and only absorb, analyze and be of the greatest|genuine listener...
Acknowledging such supposed optimism yet not really because "WE" aren't definitely born that way, we may pretend to but NO. I, must immediately represent the "one percent" cited brilliant minds where such State of Mind of "ours" hoped, as to eventually be of "A" Nearest Future Goal(s) of all to be reached, and as to successfully become of an absolute wish from "US" if you my audience and the remaining society #fortunatelyenough and to be of such patience to even read my given stories.
"WE" thrive since day 1 to empower with our expressed knowledge unfolded by our most authentic experiences described here by the very strengths, the weaknesses, the opportunities, and the threats "WE" have all been through and fought for. "WE" wish and kept on HOPING that you, my dearest audience, as ultimately this universe we've longed lived in would unable such given truths | realities and diligently be of such greatest impact to you all if and only if you all must ADOPT; not to mention the American people only yet the rest of the world as well...Exposing such knowledge of confidence here is of tremendous work, valuable time and efforts. Although, I absolutely found myself to be of such sarcastic yet the véritable reality is of YOU ALL to deeply think of and fight for which is what I define: success to be based on.
My very origins are quite distinct and unique to which my father is of Asian descent and my mother of English, with significant Danish| the City Capital of Copenhagen reputable family , Scandinavian and Tahitian origins of course.
I've graduated with two bachelors from the University of San Diego.
My significant emphasis were in Mathematics first and foremost, as I've decided to be of my very first major, yet transitioned to the Management Science and the Economics Majors to where Mathematics were of extrême work and were out of the very innate yet combined empirical knowledge (s) that I was born with and have acquired along from the junior college I've attended, to the University of California | San Diego where I've met my dearest husband [whom where my everyday inspiration, not to brag about it, yet He is of such tremendous yet wisest, humblest, always viewed this world | our Universe in such incredible way, where if you want to inquire of whom, the very unique rarest person I've always named Him "from another planet as galaxy, due to the very proven genuine, charismatic soul that He radiates since Day 1.
Jerad Acosta, Dearest Husband, #2 Life-Mentor after my most Significant Father [of course...!] Jerad is "A" Data Scientist | Software Developer #Hacker | Machine Learning|Artificial Intelligence|Mathematics|Physics Genius...Definitely and would be of such madness if He ever even reads this very aspect of the code(s)... Rather than straight to university, he joined an alternative rock band ["The Correct Sadist"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDbIeGLJvFM). Which as well demonstrates a very signicance of why we've been through everything as anything. I, Stéphanie C. Athena Acosta, always has and always will be providing with the emotional, physical, financial as He tremendously have "OBVIOUSLY" Invested His entire|complete life as much as his work-careers, his pursued dreams to eventually attend Graduate School for his Phd> thus what He shall and Must* kept on fighting as to radiate with such firing devotion, charisma, intuition..the very innate traits of mine that I have "Kindly" as patiently enough to share and taught him as He taught me Coding...still is but whatever. We both share such significant Creative Minds to which it extensively expands which is demonstrating through his passion for Guitar and I, for Fine Arts [Sketching|Drawing|Very Fine Detailed Portfolios given for L'Oréal|Paris Exposition which explains as well why I was admitted to this very reputable Fine Art|Advertising|Design School.
Anyhow, with my deepest apologies, as I've "unintentionally" deviated from my very emphasis. However, I've demonstrated such greatness, aspiration to the Wealth Management | FDIC & SEC laws of regulations discipline of knowledge.
Being exposed since my youngest age, as being born and raised with such highest work ethics, to where knowledge was always defined as a innate traits as opposed to a person's attribute taught through learning processes and empirical evidence experiences.
Being exposed since my youngest age, as being born and raised with such highest work ethics, to where knowledge was always defined as a innate traits as opposed to a person's attribute taught through learning processes and empirical evidence experiences.
This very statement explains why I've acquired this double major in Economics and Business Mathematics | International Business.
I've, as well, attended the University of California, San Diego for most of my Mathematics courses as of requirement [Calculus I, II, III]
Omnivorous Reader and Creative Writer|Artistic Director|Professional Dancer #22yearsofexperiences [actually not your typical one]
My Genuine | Profound Charisma, as describing yet defining my genius at Intuition where Intuition is the ability to acquire knowledge without proof, evidence, or conscious reasoning, or without understanding how the knowledge was acquired.Wired to be of such constructive Artist [in respect to this Creative mind I've always thrive to perfection Drawing|Painting. My tremendous passion for such areas is of history to me. As, I, prior to move to the United-States of America, I've long decided to pursue my dreams as of personal and professional work careers in the Art | Design | Advertising [based on very fine details as of I achieved (still am) the very sketches | portfolio, where every single one pieces of details were of utmost valuable significance to me > eventually the goal were to demonstrate actual, truthful knowledge of creativity. I strongly believe graphic design is based of such inaccurate, untruthful, undignified and IS NOT what "Art" is supposed to be of and to live for...not to critique yet be of such offensive, emotional, arrogant kind to this technologies we've all either been born with, yet, blindly have been sucked-in as "this vacuum-cleaner" as you, my Chère Audience and hope the remaining society shall and it is never ever too late to FINALLY REALIZE...
As I am as well thrilled to demonstrate such significant passion as exposed to the Real Estate & Law domains to which my very and dearest father, businessman, entrepreneur, hedge funds investor yet my life-mentor. My papa [my model as my teacher] with such significant intelligence, enthusiasm and discretion traits. I've always and will incessantly support what he's achieved with extreme lack of financial supports, yet He had such authenticity of a brilliant mind, this discretion and fire of always going above and beyond as to perfection everything as anything that He has and still is encountering.
My father as the most important business strategist | investor I've always looked upon, has taught me to thrive as to acquire, learn, and continuously expand knowledge. As to incessantly apply my inner traits, the absorbed data "which is the very idea of getting bachelors, masters or PhD". He has never ever doubt that to unable one's purpose and distinct meaning in life, one's must demonstrate charisma, intuition, psycho-analysis [one of my very writing research, studying the society in which we've been living in, we've tried to accommodate, as part of my neuroscience | psychology books I've acquired data from and apply within my field of work.
Anyhow, to simply concur and conclude, the only and impossible Idea | Concept is based on a thesis my husband Jerad Acosta {Data Analyst, Scientist and Maths Genius} & I may hopefully get to publish "one day..." as I have been supporting Him to pursue his PhD in either Maths, Physics more specifically AI. His doctorate shall and must be entirely based on my given story-telling and our gratefulness we've both demonstrate to God [as we are both Christians | Protestants]. The very impossible thesis to be written on:
-How to "MasterMind" "P R E D I C T A B I L I T Y " as to possess absolute power of control of our predicting economy; eventually [logically] as of this entire society in which we live in...
>>>>>>> 08367458eb310b65879e1431bb2c0a8898ecdcc5
